stories told here today i am going to
explain a drama horror action movie
called day of the dead bloodline
be aware the video contains spoilers we
start the movie with a reporter talking
about creatures eating people alive
we see a lady climbing out of a building
in a shock state
she wanders around for a while just like
in disneyland
we see a zombie messing up someone's car
but he managed to keep his manners and
cleans up after himself
we go back in time four hours a group of
med students are examining a body the
doctor asks the students what caused
death and zoe the girl from before gives
the wrong answer
the doctor asks zoe to take blood from a
man
the doctor tells zoe that his antibodies
in his blood are 100 times more than the
normal level
zoe meets the guy named max max tries to
flirt with zoe but she refuses to take
part in it
max shows zoe his artistic side and
reveals his right arm abby comes in
defends zoe and sends max away the girls
attend the half year party abby's
boyfriend peter tells zoe that he needs
help to bring beer from the morgue
zoe goes after him but peter pulls a
hilarious prank on her
peter takes one keg and zoe grabs the
other zoe falls behind and max enters
the morgue max tries to force himself on
zoe and starts licking her face but the
morgue security quickly ends the
nonsense
zoe runs back to warn the others when
the doctor from before turns suddenly
and attacks one of the students
peter gets bitten from behind and
everyone starts running for their life
zoe climbs out of the window and tries
to help abby up but the doctor bites her
as well
we jump five years forward and we see
zoe writing a journal
she is now in a recon military station
where they collect data about the virus
the base now functions as a refuge as
well civilians and military personnel
live there together zoe goes for a run
when a zombie tests the fence's
durability
the leader named miguel shoots the
zombie
we see zoe and another woman working on
something when a woman enters the lab
and says that lily's fever is up
zoe visits lily and gives her kind words
instead of medicine a meeting is on
about problems at the base when zoe
bursts in and tells everybody that lily
has highly contagious bacterial
pneumonia
zoe tells miguel she quarantined lily
but she needs more medicine zoe also
tells miguel that the university she
attended has a secured medical stash and
she knows the code to access it
miguel opposes the supply run since the
university is too far away
zoe tells miguel that many people can
die if they don't have the proper
antibiotics to treat them
miguel agrees and assigns a team to zoe
baka miguel's brother comes to zoe's
room and they do adult stuff
but zoe quickly gets bored and decides
to check on the highly contagious lily
instead luckily zoe is wearing a lava
stone bracelet so she is protected
zoe gives lily a necklace before she
leaves
the next day two vehicle leaves the base
to find the university
shortly after they leave the base one of
the car breaks down and the group stops
one guy suggests to turn back and come
back later since the fixing takes a lot
longer than expected
the group starts hearing zombies near
them but lucy manages to fix the engine
just in time
the group moves forward and reach the
university during night half the group
enters the building they find the stash
and pack up the medicine the group is
about to exit the building when zoe
decides to split from the group without
telling them to take the photo she left
there
max as a zombie is still there and tries
to catch zoe
zoe shoots at him multiple times but
misses the sound alerts other zombies in
the area zoe drops a rubber ring max
smells it and makes his day instantly
baka and zoe both walking backwards to
make sure they can scare each other when
they meet
the group probably found the military
costumes in a thrift shop since it's the
second time they leave someone behind
without noticing it
the rest of the group manages to get out
and arrive back to base
zoe tells miguel they lost frank which
miguel replies that he died for nothing
zoe tells frank's wife the bad news the
wife becomes furious and blames zoey but
only because she haven't yet seen the
marvelous photos zoe has
meanwhile max is playing hide-and-seek
as he managed to follow zoey to the base
he's watching kids play soccer but
decides to not to join as he prefers
basketball
one kid manages to kick the ball away
and goes to look for it
a soldier stops the kid and orders him
inside max comes out of hiding and bites
the soldier after he goes inside the
bunker zoe visits lily and gives her
antibiotics max as a true imposter hides
in the ventilation system
zoe checks the pictures that costed
frank's life after she heads to see
miguel miguel threatens zoe to not talk
back to him since he is in charge and
his reputation can be ruined by talking
like this in public
max catches a glimpse of zoey when bacca
goes up to her and kisses her
max gets angry and crawls away the
janitor notices the noise coming from
the vents he thinks rat's making the
noise so he grabs a hammer and crawls
into the vents
i am no expert in rodent control but i
doubt that method ever worked
max of course says hi to the janitor the
janitor's wife goes to look for him and
notices blood dripping from the vents
her husband head dives out and she
starts screaming and running max catches
her and drags her away lily's quarantine
is so effective that basically anyone
can enter
max finally reveals himself to zoe who
runs away and presses the alarm button
max catches up to zoe and shows the art
again which still looks like a fresh
work after five years
the others are ready to kill max but zoe
stops them and tells them they need him
alive
they chain up max and miguel enters the
room zoe tells him he isn't a zombie
since zombies always bite but max didn't
bite her even when he had the chance
miguel tells zoe to prove it if she
wants to keep him alive
max licks zoe but refuses to bite her
miguel lets zoe do research on max as he
could be the key to a vaccine which
protects the still alive
zoe finds out that some of max's
internals are still alive including his
eyes brain and heart
zoe takes blood from max
she is completely aware of max's
feelings about her and lets him lick her
face to keep him calm
you would think zoe wants to keep max as
calm as possible but two minutes after
taking the blood sample baca comes in
and she kisses him
zoe asks baca to bring zombies inside
without killing it to take samples
the team heads to the gates to let the
zombies in one by one for zoe
the zombies break the gate and kill
another soldier elise also gets bitten
in the process miguel visits zoe but
finds only max there miguel sees zoe's
name on max's arm and mocks him for it
the remaining soldiers manage to get
inside but the zombies overrun the yard
area
miguel is furious about the situation
zoe tells miguel that only her lower arm
is bitten so it takes time for the virus
to spread miguel shoots elise in the
head instead of chopping her arm off
since he can't stand the sight of too
much blood
baca gets into an argument with miguel
miguel tells him that zoe is only
keeping max alive because she is
obsessed with him
baca goes up to zoe and tells her that
many people died for her vaccine and her
decisions
she ignores everything and shifts the
blame at the end she gets mad at baca
for asking who is maxed to her
she even breaks up with baka because of
not believing in her the others are
having a drink to honor their fallen
friends lucy goes to max to tell him how
ugly she is when max grabs her throat
and slams her head into the wall
alphonse separates them but max takes
alphonse's keys the room echoes so bad
that everyone has to go 10 inches close
to max to be able to tell him anything
even after an incident like this
zoe starts developing the vaccine it
turns out only few hours later zoe is
done with the vaccine
zoe tells baka she is done but max grabs
her from behind
zoe escapes and she meets the team she
tells them to don't kill max as she
needs him the team heads to the lab but
the lab is already empty so the alarm
goes off again
lily leaves her very effective
quarantine as they order everyone to the
hall
lily finds her mother already turned
into a zombie her mother kills one of
the soldiers and about to attack lily
when max comes and kills her
zoe finds the necklace she gave earlier
to lily and finds the dead soldiers
she takes a gun and proceeds to look for
lily max is holding lily as hostage zoe
threatens to kill herself but she isn't
really persistent and abandons the plan
rather quickly
she drops the gun and max grabs her and
opens the door
lily runs outside which seems like the
worst place to hide
zoey and max runs after her the zombies
overrun the base killing almost everyone
miguel closes the door but baca insists
to open it because zoe and lily are
outside
miguel gets eaten by zombies and baka is
the only one left at the gates
when baka is about to open the gate he
gets bitten too
zoe finds lily and they hide in the
greenhouse max enters the greenhouse and
picks up zoe's jacket to smell it
as he is enjoying himself zoe uses a
tactical move called plants vs zombies
and stabs max from the flowerbed
then she proceeds to kill max which
would be sad news to all the people that
died to keep max alive
baca is about to pull the trigger when
zoe arrives and tells him to try the
vaccine
zoe tries the vaccine on bacca and it
seems to be working
she starts mass producing it zoe tells
us the vaccine won't keep the zombies
away or make them less violent but at
least if you're lucky enough to survive
a bite you won't turn
at the end she smiles at all the
orphaned children that were lucky enough
to survive the massacre
thank you for watching if you enjoyed
this video please subscribe to my
channel
you